hello potential investor my name is Mike
Locker and you might have heard of me
because I am very good at the internet
I've introduced incredible innovations
into the online space like who's pooping
on Twitter Muppets with people eyes and
Wolfenstein 1d so you're all welcome and
I hope you'll listen closely to what I
have to say now what I want to talk to
you today about is not a website record
scratch 1 on a website
I thought the web was huge wrong the web
is dead how do I know simple look at
this graph this red line shows how much
I think people use the web and this blue
line shows how much I think the web is
dead and this is a road stretching into
the horizon now I'd also like to say the
names of some companies Apple Facebook
Random House AirTouch cratenbarrel
Cracker Barrel Chili's these are all
companies and this is an at sign flying
out of a fireball with binary code
behind it clearly the future of the
Internet is apps and we have to win of 8
the App Store's record scratch hold on
you're saying Mike I understand that you
are really good at the Internet but
aren't app stores old news doesn't
everything that already could have an
app store have an app store well this is
an Ethernet cable in the desert with
css3 rising behind the mountains like a
Sun what's big on the internet social
how do we be social we communicate and
how do we communicate we fax I want to
revolutionize the way you interact with
the most central piece of technology in
your life your brother in telefax 2800
that's why I am thrilled to introduce to
you the brother in telefax 2800 app
store we've taken the intelidox 2800
with its 20 page per minute copying
speed fourteen point four K modem and
full speed dial capabilities and turned
it into a world-class platform for
gaming entertainment and business so
let's take a look inside the fax App
Store or as we like to call it the fat
store we have a Twitter FAP that means
you can tweet while you're faxing tom
tom has created a turn-by-turn
navigation app that means with your
brother and telefax 28-hundred you will
never be lost again we have a Netflix
app and although the buffer time is
a little bit slow you'll be amazed when
you see the final fight sequence of
Avatar playing itself out on your
intelafone 3d support expected by the
end of the quarter Angry Birds has just
come to our platform and I think you'll
agree the gameplay is just as addicting
as ever
once you download this fap you will not
be able to put here in telefax 2800 down
speaking of downloading faps how's it
work
simple just ia1 eight six six fab story
and you're in telefax 2800 print out the
57 page list of available applications
to find the unique identifier code from
the rightmost column entered ending the
Intel effects 2800 wait for the fabric
quest form to print out write in your
username and password fax it back wait
three to five hours and bam you've got
fax now this is a question mark button
superimposed over the computer from
wargames
let's talk about developers which are
key in any system like this we want
developers to love making faps we want
developers to be fapping all the time
that's why we've made it easier than
ever to make fab locations just use our
proprietary blend of objective-c and
ActionScript 1.0 entered in through the
numeric keyboard and your FAFSA be done
in no time a review process is a breeze
we have a transparent 16 committee 18
round review process that's guided by
just a few key principles a big picture
concept young user appropriateness zero
errors application integration nimble
updates technical soundness intuitive
interface new features and eventual
roadmap it could not be more transparent
a record scratch oh hold on you're
saying Mike I understand that you are
crazy good at the internet but while the
oversight why can't we have a totally
open system like for the sharp UX b20
well I'd argue that the sharp USB 20s
totally open system is what's led it to
pretty much be full of porn the sharp UX
b20 is nothing but fax porn and that is
not the image we want for the FAP store
incidentally don't visit fab store comm
it's a website that sells sex toys it's
not us it's not the same fab store so I
think by now you understand how great
the Intel affects 2800 app store is and
it's only going to get better we have a
free Hulu plan for the end of this year
full html5 support by the beginning of
next year
and projected for q3 of 2013 a longer
cord so I thank you for your time and I
hope by now you're as excited about the
intelidox 2800 app store as I am I'd
like to leave you with this image of a
bridge spanning between euros and a
chumpy with Tim berners-lee in a mobius
strip and scalability spot out in wind
turbines thank you